Categories
        * This and That
        * History and Statistics
        * Flora and Fauna
        * Heroes and Villains
        * Geography

                                        THIS AND THAT
                                        
Q: Gonar, Idles, Daemion, who am I missing? 
A: Neurotico

Q: What is the maximum starting bid for blackjack?
A: 1,000,000

Q: What follows the phase of water?
A: Magic

Q: What does Vaerlon mean in old elven dialog?
A: Shining walls

                                        HISTORY AND STATISTICS
                                        
Q: Years ago, there used to be a large city at the middle of the
valley, but it was destroyed by the eruption of a huge volcano beneath
it. What was this city called? 
A: Teladan

Q: After the war against dark elves and orcs, another race has also
assaulted the kingdom of Valkor in force. Thanks to the vigiliant
troops and their great leaders, the agressors were driven away
and scattered. What race did the kingdom of Valkor face? 
A: Minotaur(s)

Q: Casualties of the great war were great for Valkor. What race suffered
the most from among the citizens of Valkor? 
A: Humans

Q: Orcs are considered to be the second most numerous race in the valley of
Icesus, but what race is THE most numerous?
A: Goblins

                                        HEROES AND VILLAINS
                                        
Q: The troll known as Krepis has controlled the underground caverns
beneath the Tranquil forest for ages now, but what title has he
assumed? 
A: Baron

Q: Grurg is the great leader of Vaerlon army, but whose successor is he?
A: Gandom

Q: What is the name of the elven queen?
A: Ariliane

Q: What was the name of dwarven prince, whom elven queen Eriliane approached
to discuss the creation of large city, now known to everyone as Vaerlon?
A: Gurzum

Q: Some time ago, there was a massive uprising against the ruling body of
Graemor, backed by the priesthood of Dhubr. Who was the leader of this 
uprising and the current leader of Graemor?
A: Kezrhgdel

                                        GEOGRAPHY
                                        
Q: In what direction does the city-state of Atherton lie when looked at from
Vaerlon? 
A: Northeast

Q: In what kingdom is the gnome outpost located?
A: Valkor

                                        FLORA AND FAUNA
                                        
Q: Years ago, a horrible disease spread from somewhere to the kingdom of
Valkor. It took a terrible toll on the citizens of Vaerlon, until air priests
finally contained and purged the disease. What was this disease known as?
A: Plague

Q: Adventurers have reported seeing a huge, terrifying-looking beast flying
around the valley of Icesus. It is seemingly formed from several different
animals. What is this beast known to most people?
A: Manticore

Q: There have always been legendary fish stories, fishes the size of a lake. In
fact, there is one particular fish in the valley that can grow extremely
large. What fish is this?
A: Sturgeon